typos and minor edits (#326)
Benjamin-Lee/deep-rules: content/12.privacy.md

## Tip 10: Actively consider the ethical implications of your work {#privacy}

While deep learning continues to be a powerful, transformative tool within life sciences research—spanning from basic biology and pre-clinical science to varied translational approaches and clinical studies—it is important to comment on ethical considerations.
For instance, despite the fact that deep learning methods are helping to increase medical efficiency through improved diagnostic capability and risk assessment, certain biases may be inadvertently introduced into models related to patient age, race, and gender [@doi:10.1002/hast.977].
Deep learning practitioners may make use of datasets not representative of diverse populations and patient characteristics [@doi:10.1377/hlthaff.2014.0048], thereby contributing to these problems.

Therefore, it is important to think thoroughly and cautiously about deep learning applications and their potential impact to persons and society.

> This includes being mindful of possible harms, injuries, injustices, and/or other types of wrongdoings.

Reviewer: Just to be less wordy

```suggestion
This includes being mindful of possible harms, injustices, and other types of wrongdoing.
```

Second, to help foster a conscious ethics-oriented mindset, researchers should consider expanding journal clubs to include scholarly and popular articles detailing real-world ethics issues relevant to their scientific fields.
This will help researchers to think more holistically and judiciously about their work and its implications.
Third, we encourage individual- and team-level participation in professional societies [@https://asbh.org] and other types of organizations [@https://web.archive.org/web/20210112231619/https://ocean.sagepub.com/blog/10-organizations-leading-the-way-in-ethical-ai] and events [@https://www.aies-conference.com/] related to the domains of AI and data ethics as well as bioethics.

> This will encourage a sense of community and intellectual engagement, and will keep practitioners abreast of cutting-edge insights and emerging professional standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will encourage a sense of community and intellectual engagement and keep practitioners abreast of cutting-edge insights and emerging professional standards.
```

Reviewer: I'm ok with keeping it then

Reviewer 2: does it have to be converted to an independent clause though? Like

> This will encourage a sense of community and intellectual engagement, and *it* will keep ...
